Restructure the CONTRIBUTING.md (#88)
curquiza/meilisearch-dotnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Release Process (for Admin only)

MeiliSearch tools follow the [Semantic Versioning Convention](https://semver.org/).

### Automation to Rebase and Merge the PRs

This project integrates a bot that helps us manage pull requests merging.<br>
_[Read more about this](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/blob/master/guides/bors.md)._

### Automated Changelogs

This project integrates a tool to create automated changelogs.<br>
_[Read more about this](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/blob/master/guides/release-drafter.md)._

### How to Publish the Release

Make a PR modifying the file [`src/Meilisearch/Meilisearch.csproj`](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-dotnet/blob/master/src/Meilisearch/Meilisearch.csproj) with the right version.

```xml
<Version>X.X.X</Version>
```

Once the changes are merged on `master`, you can publish the current draft release via the [GitHub interface](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-dotnet/releases).

> A GitHub Action will be triggered and push the package to [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MeiliSearch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions will be triggered and push the package to [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MeiliSearch).
```
